What's wrong Caleb?
I can't find my airplane.
Hmm, I can see why.
Do you know what will help you to find your things?
What?
By keeping your room neat and clean.
Did you know Jehovah has a place for all his things?
Huh?
Like the planets.
They're always moving,
but Jehovah made them stay in their orbits
so they don't crash into each other.
Same with people.
We all look different on the outside.
But inside, Jehovah put all their bones and organs in the same place.
Imagine if your eyes were on the bottom of your feet.
Jehovah even keeps the animals clean.
Look at these fish.
They are cleaning the hippo.
These birds help too.
Do I have some animals that help me clean my room?
So do I sometimes.
But that is why Jehovah gave you these.
To pick things up with.
When you keep your room clean,
you are making Jehovah happy.
And Renault's, once your room is clean,
maybe you'll find your airplane.
Okay, let's go outside and play.